guys this is MST unboxing 98 here I just
got a new LG flak phone from Virgin
Mobile I really wanted to make an
unboxing of it and so you tell you what
it's all about and stuff so yeah pretty
nice box
Oh GT 3200 geez yes so what's gonna do
here's the fun of the store they turn it
on already all you do is this
cam charger there's this attachment it
does come with the SIM card but
Authority in my phone comes with an
extra backing for the phone comes with a
pair of headphones
some starter kit it tells you how to put
it in annoys uh the LG flip QuickStart
guide that's just a French book yeah so
that's about it guys
um please subscribe and like and comment
I will be making another unboxing video
of me receipts shift soon on June 8 I
think yeah so see you guys